java c
BIO   370 
GENERAL GUIDELINES FOR WRITING ECOLOGY PAPERS
It   is   important that you write well,   both   as   citizens   and   as scientists. These   papers   are   a   large   part   of your grade. Please read this entire write-up before writing your first paper, and refer to it for other papers. 
The   papers   should   be   a   maximum   of   six   double   spaced   pages   (four   is   better,   if   possible) with   1   inch margins.   Most   of the   length   of your   reports will   be the   results   and   discussion sections. The   report should   include   a   brief   1-2   paragraph   introduction   (the   purpose   of the study   and   hypotheses to   be tested), a   paragraph   of   methods, the   results, a   discussion, and   references.   Most   of the   work   in   the reports will   be yours,   but   if you   draw   upon the work   of others,   be   sure   to   reference   them   with   an   in text   citation   (e.g.,   Pearson   et   al.   2012)   and   at   the   end   of   the   paper   use   the   format   for   the   references from the journal Ecology: 
Pearson,   D.   E., Y.   K.   Ortega, and   S. J. Sears.   2012.   Darwin's   naturalization   hypothesis   up-close:
Intermountain grassland   invaders   differ   morphologically   and   phenologically from   native community   dominants.   Biological   Invasions   14:901-913.
Some   time   ago, when   Bill   Bradshaw   taught   Ecology   370,   he   asked   his   teaching   assistants   to   come   up with   helpful comments for students   based   on their experience   of   grading   reports.   Laurel   Pfeifer-Meister and   Bitty   Roy   edited their anonymous comments   and   added   to   them.   Please   read   through   this   each time you   prepare   a   report.   It will aid   in   organizing your thoughts   and   help   your   grade. 
SOME GENERAL STYLE GUIDELINES 
• All   reports   must   be   internally   consistent: conclusions   must come from the   results   that   you   state, the   results   must   be the   product of your stated   materials   and   methods, and   the   introduction   should   present your   hypothesis   in   a way that shows the   relevance   of your   study   to   the   field   of   ecology.
• Your   report   must   be typed   (figures   should   be   in   computer graphics;   Excel graphics   are fine).
• Spelling   and grammar,   in   addition to format, count   in   your   grade.
• When   putting your   paper together, watch for these   common   errors:
1.       The   word   “data”   is   plural   (sing.   datum).   “This   data   is   meaningless”   is   therefore incorrect.   It   should   read, “These   data   are   meaningless".
2.          Know   when   to   use   the   word   “less”   and   the   word   “fewer”   .
3.          Make   sure   your   verbs   and   subjects   agree   in   your   sentences.
4.       The   word   “comparison”   and   “correlation”   are   often   confused.   Make   sure   that   you are   aware   of the   difference   in   meaning   of these words.
5.          Places   where   we   collect   data   are   SITES,   not   SIGHTS,   and   a   habitat   that   receives   little rainfall   is   DRIER,   not   DRYER, than   one   that   is   very   wet.
6.          Remember   that   when   you   type   a   scientific   name   for   an   organism,   it   should   be   in italics   font, with   the   genus   capitalized   and   the   species   in   lower   case   (e.g., Pinus contorta for   coast   pine).
7.            i.e.   and   e.g.   are   always   followed   by   a   comma   when   used   in   a   sentence. To understand   why,   remember   that   "for   example"   is   followed   by   a   comma.   “For example, there were fifteen trees   per quadrat.” 
• The   text   of   your   paper, which   describes   what   you   did,   should   be   in   the   past   tense.   It’s   not   what you   will   do,   but   what   you   did.
• Avoid   using   passive   voice   by   being   direct   in   your   writing.   Use   "we   found"   instead   of   "the   research found". You   did   the   work!
•   If   you   use   terms   that   may   be   unfamiliar   to   people   outside   our   field   (e.g., adiabatic   cooling)   include a   brief, clear   definition.
INTRODUCTION 
•In your   Introduction,   make sure you   answer such fundamental   questions,   such   as:   “Why   were   you   sampling   lichens?”   “Why   is   it   reasonable to   assume that size should   be correlated   with   fitness?”
Your   Introduction should   answer these   questions   by   presenting the   purpose   of your study   in the context of the   ecological   background you   introduce. You should   explain WHY   you   did   your   study.   In other words,   introduce   ecological theory   relevant to your experiment,   and then   be   sure   to   introduce YOUR   experiment   (including the   hypotheses to   be tested). 
• The   introduction to your   paper   must   include   background   information that   indicates why your study   is   relevant to the field   of ecology. This   part of   the   paper   is   the   place   to   include   an   introduction   to   any theories that are germane to the   questions   being   asked. 
• The   background   information should   enable the   reader to   understand why your   question   (that   you   were trying to   answer   by   doing your experiment)   is   interesting   and   important, given the   current state   of   knowledge   in   the   relevant   area   (e.g.,   how   successional   theory   applies   to   dune communities).   It should   also   help the   reader to   understand the   meaning   of your   results, and   why   you   drew the   conclusions you   did, when you   present these things   later   in your   paper. 
• The   Introduction   section   can   be   distinguished from the   Discussion   in that   it   is   more general   in terms of the   biological   information   presented, and serves to   set   the   overlying   theme   of   your   paper   such that   anyone   reading   it can   understand the specifics that   you   emphasize   in   the   Discussion   in light of your   Introduction.
MATERIALS AND METHODS 
• The   materials   and   methods section   must   include   enough   information so that another   person   could   duplicate your field study   and   analysis. You   must   be specific   about   such   details   as   site, sampling   procedures, and   criteria   used to   include specimens.
•   Make   sure   that   you   make   some   initial   statement   about   what   you   were   trying   to   sample,   e.g.,   “We sampled tree   density   and   diversity   at seven   sites.”   Do   not jump   right   into   a   discussion   of   how randomization was achieved. Simply state that   x   was   randomized.   Also   don’t   include   irrelevant details, such   as   how you   copied   over your   data sheet. You   must   also   include   a   description   of the   methods you   used to   analyze your   data   (including statistics).   Explain the   approaches   used   in the   data   and statistical analyses. Also tell   me   how the   measurements   you   took   in   the   field corresponded to   estimates of density, diversity,   equitability,   etc. A   sure   sign   of   a   complete   Materials   and   Methods   is that anyone   could   repeat your study just   by   reading this   section.
RESULTS 
• The   results section   must   include the   results   of statistical ana代 写BIO 370 GENERAL GUIDELINES FOR WRITING ECOLOGY PAPERSC/C++
代做程序编程语言lyses   that   are   relevant   to   your conclusion   and   must   not   include   irrelevant   data   and   analyses. State your   probability   levels   and the   results of statistical tests. This   section   is   the   place   to   be   specific   about   your   hypotheses. •   If you   choose to   examine   less than the   entire   database, establish your   reasons   for   your   choice   ahead   of time.   Don’t examine the   data for statistical   significance   and   delete the   non-significant data.
•   Minimize   redundancy.
•   Do   not   simply   refer   to   a   figure   or   a   table   (e.g.   “Table   1   shows   the   elevation   and   tree   species   for   all 7 sites”   .   Highlight those   aspects   of the figure   or table that you   will   discuss   in   the   aptly   named   Discussion   (e.g., “Juniperus occidentalis is   only   found   at   sites   1,   2, and   3   (Table   1)”.). 
•   Do   not   interpret   your   results   here-- state   them   (in words).   If   you   did   a   regression   analysis,   report    the outcome--positive correlation?   Negative correlation? Significance?   Use   a   combination   of   words   and   numbers   (e.g., t = 4.38, df =   5, P < 0.05). Refer to the appropriate figure. Do not include pages of calculations either.
• You shouldn’t discuss any   non-significant   patterns,   but you   should   mention   non-significant   results.   For   example,   "We   found   no   significant   correlation   between   density   and   rainfall   (t =   1.23, df =   5, P >         0.05)." And   don’t   put   in   irrelevant   figures,   no   matter   how   fascinating   they   may   be.
• Tables   and   Figures
Tables   have titles that go   at the top   and figures   have   legends that   go   at   the   bottom.   Like   your         Results, your figures and tables should   be   understandable   in   isolation   through   their   associated   legend.
DISCUSSION • The   main   purpose   of the   Discussion   is to   interpret the   results   and   explain   how they   relate to the   background   provided   in your   Introduction   and to the   purpose   of the study. The   Discussion   should      briefly summarize   results   (and state whether or   not   your   data   supported   or   refuted   the   null hypotheses) and then   put them   in the   context of   ecological   theory. This   is   where   you   answer   the questions   posed   in the   Introduction, and give the   answer some   meaning.   It   is   ok   if   your   hypotheses   are   not supported.
Some small   amount   of   redundancy with   Results   is   not   a   big   problem, and   can   serve to   stress   key points. The   bulk   of this section,   however, should   be   interpretation   of these   points. You   must   discuss   the   ecological   implications   of your statistical   results. This   is   not   easy,   but   it   is   necessary   for   a good paper. You should try   and suggest   plausible   ecological   reasons for   the   observed   patterns   and   cite literature to support your   reasoning. We went   into the   woods   hoping   to   detect   some   ecological patterns,   not significant statistics. The statistics   are   merely   a tool   with   which   we   can   get   an   idea   of   the   “strength”   of   the   patterns   in   question. 
• The   discussion   section   is   a   discussion   of the   results you   provided   in the   results section. This   is   not   the   place for   introductory theory;   however,   it   is the   proper   place for your conclusions.
•   DON’T   fall   back   on   “insufficient”   information   as   a   means   of   rationalizing   your   lack   of   Discussion.   If you weren’t going to   even speculate   on the   meaning   of your   Results   (which   is   fine   to   do   as   long   as you state that this   is   actually what you’re   doing), you   wouldn’t   be   writing   the   paper   to   begin   with.   I understand the frustration   involved   in feeling   like you’re   making generalizations or   uninformed conclusions,   but   remember that all   Ecological studies start with   ignorance,   questions   and   pilot   experiments, and   build from there.
REFERENCES Any time you   make   a statement that   is   not common   sense   or   common   knowledge,   you   must   cite   a reference for that statement. Throughout your   report, you   need to   describe   and   discuss   your   work      in the   context of what other scientists   have   done   and   said.   In   the Literature Cited,   you   must   tell   the   reader where the   article   or   book was   published from which you   gleaned   information   (and   to   which      you   referred).   References   contain   an alphabetical list of all scientific   references   you   used   in   writing   the   report   by the   last   name   of the   author   or   (if there   are   multiple   authors) first   author.   Please emulate   reference   style   from   the   journal   Ecology   (http://www.esajournals.org/toc/ecol/current). A   typical   literature   cited   might   read   like so: 
Funk, J.L.    P.M. Vitousek.   2007.   Resource   use   efficiency   and   plant   invasion   in   low-   resource   systems. Nature 446:1079-1081
Stutchbury,   B. J.   M.,   E. S.   Morton,  W.   Edwards.   1998.   Extra-pair   mating   system   of a   synchronously   breeding   tropical   songbird. J. Avian Biology 29:72-78.
Wright, W.G.   2000.   Evolution   of   mechanisms   of   sensitization:   Experiments   in   a   model lineage. Bioscience 50:883-894.
Notice that these   are from   scientific journals and contain the   year   of   publication, journal   name, journal   number   and   pages where the   article   is found. When you   are   referencing them   in   the   text,   they would   be   cited   as followed: 
•          Invasive species   have   recently   been   shown to   be   more   efficient   than   native   species   at   using   limiting   resources   (Funk   and   Vitousek   2007).
•          Tropical   songbirds   typically   display   synchronous   breeding   (Stutchbury   et   al.   1998).
•          Wright   (2000) conducted   an   extensive   view   of   the   neurology   literature   and   concluded   that   …   Books   are   cited   in   a   similar fashion, except you   include the   publisher   (and   editor   if citing   a   book chapter).
Smith, T.   M.   and   R.   L. Smith.   2012.   Elements   of   Ecology. 8th      edition.   Benjamin   Cummings, San Francisco,   CA.
D'Antonio,   C.   M.,   C.   Malmstrom, S. A.   Reynolds, and   J. Gerlach.   2007.   Ecology   of   Invasive   Non-   native   Species   in   California   Grassland.   Pages   67-83 in M.   R. Stromberg, J.   D.   Corbin, and   C.   M. D'Antonio, editors.   California   Grasslands   Ecology   and   Management.   University   of California   Press,   Berkely   and   Los Angeles, California.
Good   references   often   make   a field   report.   If you   use   references   only   because you   are   required to do   so   and   not   in   order to   understand the topic, you   might   be   in trouble.   References that   are   highly relevant   to   your   study   can   help   you:   1) justify   your   experiment,   2)   put   it   into   proper   context,   and   3) explain your   results. Very few   ecologists are   able to write   good Introductions and Discussions without good   references to   back them   up. 



         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
